hello guys today I'm going to be showing
you how to make breyer horse fencing and
to have a new set up here so hopefully
you're getting plenty of light and you
can see what's going on much easier so
the materials needed for this i'm using
a horse for sizing and measuring also
just because I like this pony um you're
gonna need some possible fix like so I
have a glue gun and that's just about it
so later i'm going to show you how to
make a movable gate but this is just
going to show you how to make panels on
offense and just a fence line so this is
13 bosco six are going to be making a
hole for panel line so that is what i
normally do for a larger vs so let's go
ahead and it's right ok so for each pan
or you're going to need for popsicle
sticks hopefully you can see what's
going on i hope you can't ok hopefully
get there alright so you're going to lay
out to and one's going to go here right
on top like that anyone's going to go
underneath it you can also do three you
can do to you can do anything you want
so you're going to just pick some glue
on each end your popsicle stick like
that
and then flip it over and glue it down
like that we're going to try to get it
nice and straight so that's pretty
stupid so there's our bottom one like
yet and now you're just going to take
the top piece put some glue on each end
of it and glue it down as well you just
going to glue it towards the top and
they work it out the careful thought
they've been be careful with a hot glue
and it hurts so there's one panel of
your fencing and it is about this is a
large large classic and it's about there
right at the shoulder so that's pretty
good now when you're continuing panel
continue it well continuing panels going
to take you're only going to need three
this time so and you're going to put it
directly underneath of where you have it
so it's like this so just put glue on
one side underneath of your first top
stick and glue one end of your new stick
down so that it looks like this yeah and
push ups it's not siding and they're
going to put your bottom stick right
underneath of this one so it get some
glue and just glue it on like that so
you now have this and flip it over put
glue on both sides of your popsicle
stick well I mean both the top and the
bottom piece and you're going to take a
stick put it to the grounds that it
matches all the other ones and glue
they're like that so now you have two
panels of your fencing and it looks
really perfect on i'm not sure why
they're okay so now you have two panels
like this yeah so then for your next one
you're gonna put your popsicle sticks on
top so put the glue on top and on bottom
and sticker on there
like tires glue in here like this get a
little too long uh-huh boom dead pony
don't file for animal vias place and
then put glue on the top and bottom
sticks again on the ends I sound really
echoey I think I do I don't know maybe
I'm just crazy I just crazy i think i am
going crazy okay so now you have three
full panels of Benson yeah and a bunch
of hot glue strings alright so the last
panel you can do three like for this
pony three would be just enough even to
would be big enough if you were doing
stalls but i only do i do four or three
doesn't really matter so for the next
one you're going to be putting it
underneath so put your glue top and
bottom and pull it down right there
hopefully my face isn't getting in the
way i noticed that while i was doing my
halter i'll probably end up redoing my
halter once because it sucked but yeah
and then put glue right here and this
will be the end of your panel and next
i'll be showing you how to make a date
so and i always like to put it up just
to make sure that it's even with all the
other ones like
the luego forget so there is your four
panel fencing and just going to look
like spider webs but it's just glue
strings you can just take them off like
that ok so now you have a very large
fencing for playback see see see you can
add more and you could add less and you
could have a little thing for your pony
so that's it for today I'll see you guys
later please don't forget to rate
comment and subscribe and um request
videos for me to do request to Torres I
can pretty much do anything except
saddles I can I do saddles I'm sorry but
um yeah I'll talk to you later bye